Okay.
Um so we're talking about favorite side characters.
and favorite creatures.
Yeah, which theme? Yeah. What topic?
Yeah.
yeah
Well, they kind of go sideways sometimes.
They usually go sideways. They neither.
Yeah, they usually go sideways. After the younger ones. Younger ones.
yeah
Hagerstown.
You don't want to live anywhere else.
Yeah, but then like it's always like so um how do you say it?
How do you say it like... Uh so
um uh high power that I think I prefer
like so much like, like elegance and stuff like that.
Like so much, so much like formality.
I prefer, like, if we're gonna do that, then I'll just said Hobbit. And just do you...
And then...
No.
Yeah.
Dwarves do the gymnastic a lot.
Dwarves are always. Yeah.
Uh I don't know. I kind of like, just like... uh Never mind, anyway, no. uh...
Yeah, but they're so hard to use. They're so hard to use, though.
I would, but then I kinda like Axe too. Axe seems kinda strong.
But then, I guess in the end the sword is the most powerful.
Yeah. They, they all, they, they, yeah.
They only, only runs out at the part of the climax.
Yeah, but they like, oh, I think we can run that out to make it harder for the character. Okay, let's make it run out.
But then, but then, if they run out of...
For now, they have these two knives that can come out of their back.
And then do a few throws.
I remember, remember in the movie where like the elf
defeats the big um elephant thing? That's cool.
And then, and then the guy keeps looking back.
And all, all the other people are being, being trapped by the arrows. And they
That's the only scene where they had the classic scream.
the classic. They have a classic scream. They had...
uh there's probably at least 200 movies that have the classic scream.
Yeah.
Yeah they're was like but I kind of like ax because
If it hits, it delivers the most hardest chuck.
Yeah. And then you can kind of use that as a shield too.
I guess, but usually the big ones. Those kind, like that.
Yeah.
Funko Pop. A lot of them.
Those like. Oh, but then like this
It's a little different, but in the Hobbit the movie, remember that was humongous.
Um, crossbow. crossbo...
I guess crossbow. Yeah, the giant crossbow.
Giant crossbow. But I like giant crossbows too. But then, yeah, catapults are good.
Oh, how about Battering Ram?
Battering rams. They use battering rams.
Or, Orcs always use the battering ram.
Yeah, they use it. Use it all the time.
But I guess like the most, one of the most useful kind of weapon, it might be a siege tower.
Yeah, they're useful.
Yeah, you can hit them all you want, but then he's a pretty arrow, I remember.
Okay, then don't make it on foot. Don't make it on foot.
You have to make it a metal, otherwise it'll just break.
There's definitely orcs in the air.
And they're like, hey, look, a bunch of Orcs. Your call. Okay. Yeah.
mmh
Like after they fix it up, maybe a lift down.
Oh not lift down, like fail. Yeah. They fixed it up, right?
Yeah.
But I don't know, I'm kind of like, um, Lothlòrien too.
But then, like, if you could just...
Live peacefully? Maybe like Baron's house.
You know the the... Yeah, Mirkwood.
I don't know. I wouldn't want to live with that I guess, but...
and all the mushrooms and all the mushrooms